What should you do? Are you sure?
sure how
It’s just the head of the family. It’s about stopping the Dharma.
You are being sent here for the first time
It’s not good that you’re not ordinary yet.
This family is right?
terribly sorry
I was not careful
Are you sure why you're out of breath?
I'm sure you guys will kill me.
You must be seriously ill
Before the iron incident comes again
It's already been confirmed that he's dead
Same as the one I just brushed
It doesn't matter
That's right if you say so
I tell you
That's three to five million each
He is not finished
Your brother Zhu Yuan has been here for so many days
Did you take care of her?
You don’t even pay for the treatment fee
Everyone is dead now
You still have to order money
Everyone has been tried by you
You still ask me for money
You stinky bitch
Not always promised
You can't run either
You bitch
You are holding back people's knowledge
Return to Europe and fight with the second uncle
Shut everyone down
They beat people
Come here
You still want to save us
Don't cry anymore
What nonsense are you talking about?
Confirmed dead
How could there be any hope?
I am saved
I just showed you someone